Answer the question given the paragraphs.

Paragraph 1: Arthur's Magazine (1844–1846) was an American literary periodical published in Philadelphia in the 19th century.  Edited by T.S. Arthur, it featured work by Edgar A. Poe, J.H. Ingraham, Sarah Josepha Hale, Thomas G. Spear, and others.  In May 1846 it was merged into 'Godey's Lady's Book'.
Paragraph 2: First for Women is a woman's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in the USA.  The magazine was started in 1989.  It is based in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.  In 2011 the circulation of the magazine was 1,310,696 copies.
Question: Which magazine was started first Arthur's Magazine or First for Women?
Answer: Arthur's Magazine


Paragraph 1: The Oberoi family is an Indian family that is famous for its involvement in hotels, namely through The Oberoi Group.
Paragraph 2: The Oberoi Group is a hotel company with its head office in Delhi.  Founded in 1934, the company owns and/or operates 30+ luxury hotels and two river cruise ships in six countries, primarily under its Oberoi Hotels & Resorts and Trident Hotels brands.
Question: The Oberoi family is part of a hotel company that has a head office in what city?
Answer: Delhi


Paragraph 1: Allison Beth 'Allie' Goertz (born March 2, 1991) is an American musician.  Goertz is known for her satirical songs based on various pop culture topics.  Her videos are posted on YouTube under the name of Cossbysweater.  Subjects of her songs have included the film 'The Room', the character Milhouse from the television show 'The Simpsons', and the game Dungeons & Dragons.  Her style has been compared to that of Bo Burnham.  In December 2015, Goertz released a concept album based on the Adult Swim series 'Rick and Morty', 'Sad Dance Songs', with the album's cover emulating the animation and logo of the series.  The album was made possible through Kickstarter.  She is co-host of Everything's Coming Up Podcast, a Simpsons-focused podcast along with Julia Prescott.
Paragraph 2: Milhouse Mussolini van Houten is a fictional character featured in the animated television series 'The Simpsons', voiced by Pamela Hayden, and created by Matt Groening who named the character after President Richard Nixon's middle name.  Later in the series, it is revealed that Milhouse's middle name is 'Mussolini.'
Question: Musician and satirist Allie Goertz wrote a song about the 'The Simpsons' character Milhouse, who Matt Groening named after who?
Answer: President Richard Nixon


Paragraph 1: {{context[0].split()[:100]}}
Paragraph 2: {{context[1].split()[:100]}}
Question: {{question}}
Answer: