Answer the question based on the context.

Question: What did the selection committee that decides the annual DreamToys shortlist say was a 'strong consideration' this year?
Possible answers: A. Cost, B. Environmental impact, C. Inclusivity, D. None of the above
Context: Paul Reader, chair of the DreamToys selection committee, said that toys’ prices had been taken into account, as 2022 has been a 'challenging year for many families'.
Answer: A. Cost

Question: In a world-first clinical trial, how many people this week received transfusions of lab-grown red blood cells?
Possible answers: A. 8, B. 12, C. 15, D. None of the above
Context: Scientists hope to be able to manufacture ultra-rare blood groups for patients with sickle cell anaemia and others with very specific requirements.
Answer: D. None of the above

Question: A study published this week found that which animal tends to break up conflicts between other members of its own species?
Possible answers: A. Cows, B. Pigs, C. Tortoises, D. None of the above
Context: After studying more than 100 pigs in Italy, researchers found they are likely to intervene in a conflict between other pigs to help smooth things over.
Answer: A. Cows

Question: Using artificial intelligence, a computer scientist believes he has identified a man who is an exact match for Lord Lucan, the murderer who disappeared in 1974. Where is he living?
Possible answers: A. Brisbane, Australia, B. Bangkok, Thailand, C. Havana, Cuba, D. None of the above
Context: An algorithm ran 4,000 cross-checks of photos of the pensioner and Lucan. Professor Hassan Ugail said they were the same individual or like 'identical twins'.
Answer: A. Brisbane, Australia

Question: Which company has been criticised by privacy campaign group Big Brother Watch for allegedly facilitating stalking?
Possible answers:  A. Facebook, B. TikTok, C. Clearview AI, D. None of the above
Context: PimEyes has said its facial recognition technology is 'not intended for the surveillance of others', and claims to be safer than social media sites with regards to stalking. Find out more on The Week Unwrapped podcast.
Answer: D. None of the above

Question: {{question}}
Possible answers: {{possible_answers}}
Context: {{context[0].split()[:100]}}
Answer: